# BookSearch
The BOOK SEARCH is an Application on Android Platform that allows user to search books by their names. This app uses OpenLibrary API to search for books and display their cover images.  It also allows you share the result to friends.
This App contains two screens. The first one is to display the search results and the second one is to show the details of the selected book including name, cover, publisher and no. of pages
This app allows user to easily search from large database of books and also share that with friends. User just simply need to install the app. This app also shows details about every book user searches 
The main function of this app is to access the OpenLibrary Database and show Search Results to User. OpenLibrary is open, editable platform. Whose goal is to provide one webpage for all books ever published. Today open library contains over 20 million records of books for large catalogues or from single contributors and still growing. As this project is open all the data and documentation is open. Everyone is free to use, add, or make any kind of widgets over this page. That’s why I use their API to develop my application. 
Application development is a process of programming, documenting, bug fixing and testing for designing an application product that can run on a platform like android. Application is developed to carry out a particular task or to fulfil the specific requirements or user. Applications are widely accepted as it platform independent and can run over billions of devices. Application development also includes research, modifications, reuse, maintenance and any other process to get finished application.
